
h1. replican - Folder replication

replican synchronizes folders in multiple locations, on the same computer 
or across multiple computers on the network.

h2. Goals

Many folder synchronization services exist, but none exhibit all of the following properties.

h3. Private

replican allows you to share your files with whomever you choose and no one else.
You control all copies of your files. They aren't floating around, deduplicated 
"in the cloud" somewhere accessible to a 3rd party.

h3. Simple

Easy enough to share files with your mom. Not everyone is a developer or a sysadmin.

h3. Secure

Consider this scenario: you have sensitive, important documents on your home computer. 
You want to back this data up on multiple other computers, but you don't want multiple copies 
of these sensitive files lying around everywhere, some of them perhaps "in the cloud".

replican supports pushing to remote encrypted storage, which only you have the keys to.

h3. Flexible

For power users, folder synchronization can be set up as push-only, pull-only, 
bi-directional, etc. Filtering rules for selecting only certain parts of a folder to sync.
Confirmations can be turned on certain types of operations (large incoming files, 
deletes, etc.).

h3. Free

Free as in freedom and free as in beer.

At best, closed, proprietary services may have a limited capacity to secure your data. 
They cannot be independently audited or reviewed. At worst, closed services may serve 
interests other than their customers best -- if not now, ownership of a business is subject 
to change.

h2. Roadmap

Currently implemented:

* Local synchronization

Planned/in development:

* Network synchronization
* Simple cross-platform GUI, similar to popular commercial folder sync services.
* Synchronization filter rules
* Encrypted stores
* P2P/discovery

Other crazy ideas:

* Opaque cloud storage service?
* FUSE mounting encrypted stores.
* TOR/I2P integration for anonymous dead drops.

h2. Developers

replican is developed in Go. go-gb is used to build, goinstall will install all the 
third party dependencies referenced.



